hey guys john here from fast films and
today we're going to take a look at the
2006 comedy horror movie called black
sheep
amidst the vast stretches of the meadows
the scenario shows us a huge flock of
sheep being herded by a man and his boys
on atvs
the younger one named henry goes to a
leftover sheep and guides his dog to
hold the sheep in one place
henry's father admires him while his
elder brother watches from a distance
expressions of jealousy bump up on his
face as he walks away with an injured
leg
later we witness him brutally
slaughtering henry's lamb named dudley
afterwards the camera shifts to henry
who parks his atv and goes out to look
for dudley he strolls into the darkened
barn and slowly approaches a point where
blood is dripping on the floor
suddenly dudley's skinned carcass drops
from the ceiling and henry loses his
breath he screams in terror and his
fright is enhanced even more when his
elder brother angus jumps on him wearing
dudley's horrifying sheepskin
henry is petrified by the sudden attack
but all of it is shaken loose as their
caretaker mrs mack arrives to tell them
about the fatal accident of their father
15 years later henry returns to the farm
but he's still traumatized by the sheep
as they all surround the cab
the taxi driver asks if he can open the
window but henry refuses to do so while
breaking into sweats he immediately
tries to call his therapist but she
turns out to be busy luckily the way
clears out and henry takes a sigh of
relief
in the meantime we see a couple crossing
the wires and fences of the fields and
hopping to the other side
just then a plane passes them overhead
and the man remarks that he is angus
oldfield
during the time henry arrives at his old
home and asks the taxi driver to wait
for him
upon walking inside the empty house
henry shutters as his eyes catch the
wall-mounted sheep
ignoring them he walks straight ahead
into angus office where suddenly mrs
mack comes from behind and pulls a gun
on henry but just as he turns around her
face beams with happiness and they both
greet each other in sheer felicity
on the other hand we witness angus who's
now a successful businessman and he's
preparing his speech for the audience
after he's done henry comes out from
behind the trees and meets angus who
speaks to him rudely and asks him to
come inside so that he can cut henry a
check
in the interim we witness the couple
spying on a group of scientists with
their leader being the infamous astrid
rush
the man named grant suddenly jumps
across the fence and runs ahead to steal
a cylinder containing biohazard material
as he dashes back the men start running
after him and the cat and mouse chase
begins
the girl also accompanies grand as they
both dart through the trees and hide
away
as the girl contemplates their situation
grant notices the men at some distance
and that freaks him out he instantly
runs in another direction and the men go
after him while the girl lays tucked
behind the huge tree
unfortunately grant trips over a branch
and breaks the glass cylinder
as he raises his head we witness a
hideously gruesome infant lamb crawling
on his back
suddenly the vicious animal bites away
his ear and grant screams in pain
following a constant struggle he manages
to throw the infant lamb away
meanwhile angus signs a two million
dollar check for henry's share of the
farm and asks him to leave henry notices
that his brother has removed all of
their father's possessions upon which
angus simply states that living in the
past is outdated and remarks that people
are interested in what he's doing here
furthermore it's very profitable for him
on the other hand the infant lamb starts
crawling away from grant meanwhile we
see that mrs mack is preparing a rabbit
for the meal as henry is about to leave
mrs mack takes out the golden shears
award that belonged to his father
henry accepts the trophy and is about to
leave when he meets his old fellow named
tucker they both greet each other and
get out of the house the scene now
shifts into the meadow where the sheep
are grazing
during the time the demonic infant sheep
crawls ahead to one of the elder sheep
and bites it viciously on the other side
we see henry and tucker travelling on
their truck when they suddenly get
blocked by one lonely sheep standing in
the middle of the road
tucker climbs out and proceeds to pat
the animal but henry recoils in fear
tucker also notices the injury on the
sheep's face and tries to get her aside
when the girl suddenly arrives there and
pulls the gun on them
tucker enjoys the scene while we see
that grant's situation is getting worse
he's turning into a ravenous beast
hungry for flesh and he becomes one as
he grabs a rabbit and starts tearing him
apart as his meal in the interim the
girl named experience takes both the
guys at gunpoint as she knows nothing
about it henry and tucker use it to
their benefit and take the gun back from
her
during this we see a man walking around
in his house and getting attacked by
some deadly creature
back at the grazing fields henry and
tucker accompany experience and suddenly
witness a smoke coming out of the house
they drive towards it and enter the
house to find it full of blood splatters
and a smoking cooker on the stove
just then they come face to face with a
sheep around the next hall who charges
towards them
henry's fright makes them hide behind
the other room but in there they find
the guy's mutilated body
just then the sheep also begins to
attack them and bursts through the door
but tucker manages to kill it
afterwards they escape the house to find
it surrounded by sheep but it turns out
they're all harmless and tucker runs
towards the truck
meanwhile experience tries to calm down
henry and successfully enables him to
overcome his fear of sheep henry finally
relaxes and they run to jump on the back
of the truck but one sheep climbs in and
starts attacking tucker he fights with
it viciously but to no use henry tries
to start the chainsaw but it falls away
from his hands
inside the cabin the sheep bites
tucker's leg but he manages to climb
outside while the sheep drives the truck
as the three of them shift to the rear
the end of the mountain appears ahead of
them therefore everyone jumps out and
the sheep flies the truck down towards
the shore where it crashes brutally
eventually causing the sheep to die
standing on the edge henry reveals that
this is the place where his father had
the accident
as they talk another sheep arrives there
but it appears to be harmless so they
ignore it with that henry decides to
leave at once and proposes that if the
sheep get down there before them angus
is going to have some unexpected
visitors
the scene now shifts to angus who
prepares his venue for the guests he
then walks to his house where he finds
the taxi driver sleeping in his car
on the other hand dr rush orders her
associates to dump the excess biohazard
material
the guy walks over to the pit but as he
turns away after dumping the intoxicated
sheep attack him and kill him
during all this we see grant walking
around the fields while having attained
the deformed and gruesome features
at that moment angus also drives up the
hill and comes to face the intoxicated
grant he gets out and threatens him but
the tables turn and grant bites him on
his hand instead and runs away
in the meantime the henry group also
walks along the fields as experience
talks about her research but suddenly
they witness that tucker's foot is
bleeding just as he takes off the shoe a
sheephoof emerges from underneath
instead of a human foot henry turns back
in terror but the real danger arrives
after that as a massive herd of sheep
charge towards them across the hill
the group runs for their lives and
arrives at the laboratory tucker sends
his dog back to the farm while the rest
of them sneak inside to their
astonishment they come across a
transformation project going on inside
where they witness a living heart inside
a sheep's carcass
just as they're observing it angus comes
up on them along with the scientists
they argue for a moment and henry
reveals that the sheep attack them but
angus regards it as pure nonsense
just then dr rush inserts a paralyzer in
tucker's neck and as he goes down angus
snatches the gun and hoists it up on
them
tucker pleads with henry to leave so he
follows his request both henry and
experience run outside to find
themselves to be targets of the sheep
they run to the fields where they see
the ripped dead bodies of the scientists
as their last recluse they climb in the
dump pit where the sheet charge towards
them but the steel wire holds them away
angus arrives there as well and henry
rips the contract unfortunately his foot
slips and he falls in the pit along with
experience while angus watches solidly
upon tumbling down they find themselves
in a grotesque mess of animal flesh and
internals
experience lights up a candle to balance
her hormones and henry analyzes the
whole situation
after a moment of consideration they
decide to locate a way outside the dark
and hideous pit
on the other hand angus walks to his
precious sheep and talks to her and
later walks to the lab where dr rush is
inquisitively analyzing tucker's foot
angus arrives there as well and tells
rush about his wound the doctor advises
a shot and asks to come on stage to
present her research but angus refuses
to let her come and rudely asks her to
stay put
in the meantime henry and experience
walk through the cave and come across a
tiny crevice through which they have to
go through
with the deadly sheep on their hunt they
decide to go ahead in an experience goes
first with extreme struggle she manages
to get out while the sheep constantly
attacks henry at his legs
following a strenuous endeavor both of
them successfully manage to wriggle out
and burn the sheep with the lighter as
the monster is aflame experience hugs
henry in affection back at their family
house angus gets prepared for his show
but gets the sheepish symptoms in him
meanwhile henry and experience finally
make it out of the cave to arrive at a
beautiful scenery
after admiring it for a moment they walk
ahead to a barn where they come across a
completely transformed grind who's now
become a monstrous sheep human
the beast attacks them viciously and
experience manages to distract him which
gives them the room to escape the barn
and lock the monster inside the scene
now flips to the laboratory where dr
rush observes the upcoming symptoms in
tucker and watches him getting
transformed after the full conversion
the scientist runs away in terror but dr
rush injects the antitoxin and tucker
returns back to his real form after a
vigorous shaking
afterwards dr rush leaves the lab as
angus starts his speech in front of the
international guests
neither does his speech go well nor does
rush get to safety
she staggers in the woods to secure her
life but the sheep get her there as well
and she dies brutally back at the stage
show the toxic symptoms start to appear
in angus so he diverts the attention to
his newest creation who's a beautiful
white sheep the audience admires the
perfection of the animal and they all
applaud but suddenly the sheep starts to
get restless and everyone in the whole
area experiences a rumble henry and
experience also arrive on the scene to
witness the huge carnivorous flock of
sheep charging towards the people
all the guests run for their lives but
the hell breaks loose and the carnage
begins
the sheep start tearing the men and
women in every possible way and the show
becomes a massacre
amidst all of the hell angus stands
unaffected as he's now a sheep himself
in the meantime mrs mack arrives beside
henry and experience and provides them
with a ride to safety
following the turmoil angus runs to his
office where he pats his beloved sheep
and the scene fades out
as the knight falls in the group huddles
in the house where they get attacked by
grant once again
the beast fights henry and throws him
away to overpower him they all work
together to bring the monster down and
at the end of it experience manages to
paralyze him by hitting an acupuncture
point
unfortunately the danger hasn't
surpassed as the sheep now surround
their house
amidst all the tension henry walks into
the office to find angus in his
undergarments after realizing what
bestiality he's been doing henry throws
the gun to him and leaves in disgust
outside the sheep get agitated and
attack the house furthermore the people
who got bitten now rise up as the
transformed monsters in the flow of all
that henry notices angus walking to the
plane so that he can fly away
in order to stop him he grabs the golden
shears and decides to go after him he
grabs a sheepskin from mrs mac's car and
bids farewell to his newly found love
afterwards he crawls silently among the
flock but soon realizes that he's a
sheep as well so he can move easily
therefore he runs towards the barn while
mrs mack and experience drive along the
field
experience can now be seen using her
inexperienced skill of the rifle but
surprisingly she successfully shoots the
monsters on the other hand angus starts
his plane and walks away into the barn
where his transformation speeds up henry
follows him slowly to the barn but gets
attacked in return
after a vicious fight henry plunges the
golden shears into him but that only
provokes his viciousness and in the most
horrific way angus gets bigger and more
gruesome
scared to death henry staggers outside
where the plane gets running on its own
angus also walks out but just then the
dog arrives and henry guides him to get
angus under control just like he did in
childhood
the technique works and eventually the
plane comes around to finally slash away
angus body
despite the gruesome aftermath angus
survives and gets back up but in that
exact time tucker arrives there on his
atv and plunges the anti-toxin injection
into angus he does the same with henry
who gets cured after a vigorous shutter
afterwards they go to the barn to
analyze the situation but suddenly angus
shows up in his worst state ever he
limps towards the sheep who attack him
in return and finish him off
to put an end to it henry throws a
lighter into the barn which causes it to
burst into flame as the methane is
combustible in the final moments of the
movie we see that henry is now the owner
and has started organic farming they
proceed to inject the anti-toxins and in
the lightest moods the film concludes
thanks for watching guys